Update engineering-manager-web.md (#122)
sourcegraph/careers: job-descriptions/engineering-manager-web.md

# Engineering Manager - Web

> We are looking for an experienced engineering leader for our [web team](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/engineering/web). This person will facilatate all web development for Sourcegrap and be responsible driving the team towards intended growth mentioned in the handbook (grow the team until it's large enough to split into two teams, web infrastructure, and extensions and integrations).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We are looking for an experienced engineering leader for our [web team](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/engineering/web). This person will facilatate all web development for Sourcegraph and be responsible driving the team towards intended growth mentioned in the handbook (grow the team until it's large enough to split into two teams, web infrastructure, and extensions and integrations).
```

Author: resolved this from Adam Harvey's comment

> We are looking for an experienced engineering leader for our [web team](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/engineering/web). This person will facilatate all web development for Sourcegrap and be responsible driving the team towards intended growth mentioned in the handbook (grow the team until it's large enough to split into two teams, web infrastructure, and extensions and integrations).

Reviewer 2: Typo:

```suggestion
We are looking for an experienced engineering leader for our [web team](https://about.sourcegraph.com/handbook/engineering/web). This person will facilitate all web development for Sourcegraph and be responsible driving the team towards intended growth mentioned in the handbook (grow the team until it's large enough to split into two teams, web infrastructure, and extensions and integrations).
```

## Qualifications

- 2+ years of experience directly managing at least 3 full-time software engineers.

> - Experience goal setting, prioritizating work for team, and conducting 1:1s. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Experience conducting 1:1s and challenging engineers to grow in their careers.
- Experience prioritizing work, setting team goals, and being responsible for the output of a team.
```

> - Experience developing and managing development teams for web applications and/or browser extensions.

Reviewer: > Experience developing and managing development teams

I assume the intent here is to say we are looking for someone with both IC and manger experience? If so, I think the language is a bit ambiguous and it would be clearer to separate. What do you think?

```suggestion
- Experience building web applications and/or browser extensions.
- Experience managing teams building web applications and/or browser extensions.
```

> - Is up to date on current web development technologies (examples Node, React, etc.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Up-to-date knowledge of current web development technologies and frameworks (examples: TypeScript/ES6, Web Workers, React, Jest, etc.)
```

## Nice-to-haves

- A network of excellent software engineers who would be interested to work with you again at Sourcegraph.
- Public samples of your work (e.g., blog posts, tech talks, open source projects).

> - Experience creating or worked at companies that are creating developer tools.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Experience creating developer tools or working at companies that are creating developer tools.
```
